
Use:
Full documentation on Slicer, visit
https://www.slicer.org/wiki/Documentation/4.10
(Not all modules available, the extension manager can add additional)

HINT: Hold the shift key on your keyboard and experiment with your mouse.

Advanced users can access the full 3D Slicer functionality by clicking on the
view menu and enabling the parts which have been shut off.

Limitations and Known issues:
First load of data is slow, windows may offer to close the program for you.

Slicer convention places object left on image right.

Enabling/Disabling all labels is slow.

Initial contrast setting is often poor. To address, click and drag with the
mouse to change contrast/brightness. In new versions of 3D slicer you must
firsy change the mouse interactor mode.

When loading a tractography scene or switching layouts in newer slicer
versions, the mouse interactor is reset to manipulation only mode instad of
contrast/brightness.
The mouse interaction toolbar needs to be enabled from the view menu to switch
it back.

NOTE: Tractography only avalable for some data bundles.
Look for tractography.mrml in the component data bundles and load to add
track data. (Dragging the tractography.mrml file on to the open
window is probably easiest.)
Tractography display and differentation is difficult.
When enabling a new streamline set, we recommend disabling the previous one first.
Tractography requires SlicerDMRI extension.

3D display doesnt show labels. Advanced users may examine the documentation of
the segmentations module to see how to view labels in 3D

Installation:
If the setup scripts fail they're relatively simple, you can use the slicer
documentation to find out how to add the important slicer start option
--python-script "bundlePath/ndLibrarySupport/Testing/DistStart.py"
Replace bundlepath with the full path to the bundle folder.

The setup scripts don't work if there are spaces or special characters in the path.
On Macs if you extract the bundle twice you'll have both.
To resolve:
Delete previous copies of the zip file, and the extracted directories.
Rename the latest zip file, and directory removing spaces or parenthesis.
DoubleClick mac setup to try again

First Launch on Mac
Mac security settings may prevent slicer from launching.
Playing with security settings is not recommended.
Downloading an earlier release of slicer may work.
Our code is known to work on version 4.10 and newer.
It may work on older versions as well.
If you want to patch the security problem, you may use the following terminal
command (ensure you're using the proper slicer path if it is not the default):
sudo xattr -dr com.apple.quarantine /Applications/Slicer.app
